you
we're just an hour away from opening our
gate so we've got a great night planned
for you tonight club zombie features the
poi and fire art sory of nocturnal arts
as well as our crafty friends from the
zoo theater company around the bonfire
tonight it's gonna be a great evening at
land of illusion we want to encourage
all of you to come on out we're open
until 2 a.m. Friday and Saturday nights
do not forget about our Midnight Madness
sale you can get all of the details on
our website at the land of illusion calm
that's right we're gonna bring a heat
tonight brother gonna bring the heat
there is a variety of ways to win
tickets for the land of illusion all
season long all you have to do is like
us on facebook follow us on twitter or
simply register to our website at the
land of illusion com if you do win
tickets this is where you come pick them
up it's our customer service we'll call
window all you have to do is go to the
cashier give them your name your ID it's
that simple
stay tuned for LOI all season long
we try to make sure that our monsters
are done for the evening starts so that
they don't sign on our guests then again
be sure to stay tuned and come here and
grab some of our famous nachos pizza and
hot dogs
Wow
we won't be going in there anytime soon
the doctor is in sane we do have a lot
more to explore throughout the park
tonight here at land evolution as we
broadcast live on the fourth night of
the season I'm Devin stay tuned
there's only one place to get all your
favorite land evolution gear and that's
right here at ghostly gifts right off
with a club zombie Plaza whether you're
looking for t-shirts sweatshirts hoodies
or more we've got it all right here this
year
LOI is going to be adding ghostly gifts
to their website so all of our fans
could order all their favorites all year
long so look for ghostly gifts online in
November or you could just stock up
while you're here we'll be back live at
land of illusion
we're backstage as nocturnal arts
prepares to rock clubs on me these guys
and girls have performed at festivals
and concerts and events throughout the
region and are simply amazing most don't
realize but boy at bar dancing they're
actually Asian arcs that require a lot
of discipline and years to master and
you can catch them here at the top of
every hour most Saturday Night Live at
land of illusion
you can see behind me the creepypasta
zoo theater entertaining some of our
guests seriously in evolution these
talented artisan you form everything
that the steampunk or avant-garde have
severe fear itself drives believe the
pollution every weekend the common area
by the bonfire
as you see tonight there's always
something interesting happening at land
evolution on its great partner we had a
great time going behind the scenes with
you we want to encourage you to stop on
out museum visit us online or simply
drop us an email
we're putting the wraps on another
episode of LOI TV but come on out
there's still plenty of time to enjoy
yourself at the region's number one mega
attraction I'm Devin and I'll see you
next time live from land of illusion